Adding quadratic-regression-analysis.md file (#5038)
Codecademy/docs: content/sklearn/concepts/quadratic-regression-analysis/quadratic-regression-analysis.md

The quadratic equation is a polynomial equation of the second degree, which can be written in the form:

![The quadratic equation](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Codecademy/docs/main/media/quadratic-equation.png)

The goal of quadratic regression is to fit this equation to the observed data, providing a more refined, non-linear model of the data than linear regression.

## Syntax

In Scikit-Learn, quadratic regression is performed using the combination of PolynomialFeatures and LinearRegression.

```pseudo
from sklearn.preprocessing import PolynomialFeatures
from sklearn.linear_model import LinearRegression

# Define the model for the quadratic equation and create an instance of linear regression
poly = PolynomialFeatures(degree=2, interaction_only=True, include_bias=False)
model = LinearRegression()

# Fit the quadratic equation into the linear regression model with the training data and labels
poly_features = poly.fit_transform(training_data)
model.fit(poly_features, labels)

# Predict labels for test data
predictions = model.predict(test_data)

> ```

Reviewer: This can be converted into an example rather than a syntax. could you please convert this to an example?

PolynomialFeatures has parameters for:

> - `degree`: In this case, for a quadratic equation, it is 2 by default.
> - `interaction_only`: If True, only interaction features are produced; this includes only features that are products of single degree input features, terms with power of 2 or more are not included.
> - `include bias`: If True, the function will include a bias column in which all polynomial powers are 0 (the value of `c` in the quadratic equation above). We turn this off since we are plugging the poly features into a linear regression model which will take this into consideration by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `degree`: Specifies the degree of polynomial features to generate, determining how high the polynomial terms should go (e.g., 2 for quadratic).
- `interaction_only`: When set to `True`, generates only interaction features, excluding individual polynomial terms.
- `include_bias`: If `True`, includes a bias column with all ones to represent the constant term; otherwise, the bias term is omitted.
```

LinearRegression has parameters for:

> - `fit_intercept`: If True, the function will calculate the intercept for the model.
> - `copy_X`: If True, the function will create a deep copy of X, otherwise it may be overwritten.
> - `n_jobs`: Specifies the number of parallel jobs to compute the model if more than 1 is needed for larger problems.
> - `positive`: If True, forces the coefficients to be positive. This may help identify a more correct model in the presence of noisy data but introduces potential bias.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `fit_intercept`: Determines whether the model should calculate an intercept term; if `False`, the model is forced through the origin.
- `copy_X`: If `True`, creates a deep copy of the input data to avoid modifying the original; otherwise, the input data might be overwritten.
- `n_jobs`: Specifies the number of CPU cores to use for parallel computations; -1 uses all available cores.
- `positive`: If `True`, ensures that all coefficients are constrained to be positive values.
```

## Codebyte Example

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Run the following codebyte to understand quadratic regression by fitting a linear model to polynomial features:

```
